DOCS-2055: update bancontact postepay visa vpay testing details (#1805)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/payments/methods/credit-and-debit-cards/visa/integration-and-testing.md

#### Visa only
Customers are redirected straight to Visa. 

See API reference – [Visa](/api/#visa).

## Testing

{{< details title="Credentials and testing process" >}}

> Test credentials:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Test credentials: [API key](/account/site-id-api-key-secure-code/)
```

> - [API key](/account/site-id-api-key-secure-code/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

**Test a VISA order**  

1. Send a [redirect](/api/#visa) API request.

> 3. In the **Card number** field, enter `4111111111111111`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. On the payment page:  
    - In the **Card number** field, enter `4111111111111111`.
```

> 4. In the **Card holder** field, enter any name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - In the **Card holder** field, enter any name.
```

> 5. From the **Expiry date** lists, select any future date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - From the **Expiry date** list, select any future date.
```

> 6. In the **CVC/CVV** field, enter `123`, and then click **Confirm**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - In the **CVC/CVV** field, enter `123`.
    - Click **Confirm**.
```

7. On the 3D payment page, from the drop-down list, select **Authenticated (Y)**, and then click **Confirm**.

> 5. The payment is processed in the test environment as **Successful**, with order status **Completed**, and transaction status **Completed**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The payment is processed in the test environment as **Successful**, with order status **Completed**, and transaction status **Completed**.
```

| 4012001037461114 | **Declined**  | Transaction was declined (3D authentication failed) |
| 4012001038488884 | **Declined**  | Transaction was declined (3D authentication was successful, but insufficient funds) |

---

> **Note:** The reason a transaction is declined can be seen in your MultiSafepay test account under **Notes**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** You can see the reason a transaction was declined in your MultiSafepay test account under **Notes**.
```

---

**Test refunding an order**

To test refunding an order:

> 1. Create an order using card number: `4012001038443335`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create an order using card number `4012001038443335`. 
```

2. In your MultiSafepay test account, go to **Order summary**, and then click **Refund order**.

> 3. Under **Refund**, in the **Reason/Description** field, enter a reason for the refund. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Under **Refund**, enter in the:  
    - **Reason/Description** field: A reason for the refund 
```

> 4. In the **Amount** field, enter the amount to refund, and then click **Continue**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Amount** field: The amount to refund
4. Click **Continue**.
```

5. Under **Refund confirmation**, check that the description and amount are correct, and then click **Confirm**.
  {{< br >}} A new order is created for the refund. The order status for the refund changes to **Reserved**.
6. Under **Related transactions**, select the **ID** of the refund order.
7. Under **Order summary**, click **Accept**.
8. In the **Add transaction comment** field, add a comment, and then click **Add**.
  The order status changes to **Completed**.

> **Test refunding an order with an API request**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Test an API refund**
```

> To test refunding an order with an API request:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To test refunding an order via the API:
```

> 1. Create an order using card number: `4012001038443335`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create an order using card number `4012001038443335`. 
```

2. Send a [refund](/api/#refund-an-order) API request.
  {{< br >}} A new order is created for the refund. The order status for the refund changes to **Reserved**.
3. In your MultiSafepay test account, go to **Related transactions**, and then select the **ID** of the refund order.
4. Under **Order summary**, click **Accept**.
5. In the **Add transaction comment** field, add a comment, and then click **Add**.
  The order status changes to **Completed**.
---

**Note:**

> - You can't test cancelling an order. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can't test cancelling orders. 
```

> - In the live environment you can't accept a refund order. This is done automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the live environment, you can't accept refund orders. These are done automatically.
```
